[CHANGELOG] Prepare v5.0.0-alpha.17 (#23680)
mui-org/material-ui: CHANGELOG.md

### [Versions](https://material-ui.com/versions/)

## 5.0.0-alpha.17

###### _Nov 23 2020_

Big thanks to the 18 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

- 📚 Improve the IntelliSense support for the `sx` prop (#23599) @mnajdova.
  You should now get a description for each property of the system. For instance with `mx`:

  ![system TypeScript](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3165635/99920493-20f60a00-2d24-11eb-8748-c5dd7fe85cbd.png)

> - 💅 Migrate the first component of the core to the v5 styling architecture (#23308) @mnajdova.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 💅 Migrate the first core component to the v5 styling architecture (#23308) @mnajdova.
```

>   We have spend the last few months iterating on the new styling approach in the lab. We are confident enough in the new approach to move it to the core. We have migrated the Slider. We will wait a week or two to collect feedback on it, before scaling it to the rest of the codebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  We have spent the last few months iterating on the new styling approach in the lab, and are confident enough in the new approach to move it to the core, so we have migrated the Slider. We will wait a week or two to collect feedback on it, before scaling it to the rest of the codebase.
```
